docs: clarify downloading results in static embedding (#49294)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/static-embedding-parameters.md

| `theme`                    | null (default), night                         |
| `refresh` (dashboard only) | integer (seconds, e.g., `refresh=60`)         |
| `font`\*                   | [font name](../configuring-metabase/fonts.md) |
| `downloads`\*\*            | true, false                                   |

\* Avalable on [Pro](https://www.metabase.com/product/pro) and [Enterprise](https://www.metabase.com/product/enterprise) plans

\*\* Disabling downloads is available on [Pro](https://www.metabase.com/product/pro) and [Enterprise](https://www.metabase.com/product/enterprise) plans.

For global appearance settings, such as the colors and fonts used across your entire Metabase instance, see [Customizing Metabase's appearance](../configuring-metabase/appearance.md).

> ## Disable downloading the results of an embedded question or dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disable downloads for an embedded question or dashboard
```

> {% include plans-blockquote.html feature="Disabling downloading results" %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include plans-blockquote.html feature="Disabling downloads" %}
```

> By default, Metabase will include a **Download** button on embedded questions, and an **Export to PDF** option on embedded dashboards. You can remove the download option by setting `downloads=false` in the embedding URL in the iframe's `src` attribute, see [customizing the appearance of static embeds](./static-embedding.md#customizing-the-appearance-of-static-embeds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Metabase will include a **Download** button on embedded questions, and an **Export to PDF** option on embedded dashboards. You can remove the option to download results by setting `downloads=false` in the embedding URL in the iframe's `src` attribute, see [customizing the appearance of static embeds](./static-embedding.md#customizing-the-appearance-of-static-embeds).
```
